The pyramids of Egypt were not built to be tombs. In fact,
there was something far more sophisticated, a technology of some kind.
And in this video,
I'm gonna connect the dots on key pieces of evidence from videos that I've made
ranging from Ola Tesla to the ancient Egyptians.
And I believe that Ola Tesla's concept for wireless free energy,
right outta the air crust is the missing key to understanding this lost ancient
technology, because make no mistake.
The ancient Egyptians that we learned about in school from 4,500 years ago did
not construct the great pyramid of Giza or the spanks and real quick, no,
this is not a video about aliens or some conspiracy. No,
the truth is stranger than fiction.
And the true history of ancient human civilization is far older and was far more
advanced than what we were taught in school. Take for example,
the great Sphinx of Giza hundreds of professional geologists from around the
world have concluded that the water rain erosion around the enclosure of the
Finks is so significant that this had to have happened in prehistoric times.
Keep in mind at the spins is carved out of this limestone bedrock.
So the age of the erosion has to be the age of the spins no less.
And considering the fact that the Nile Delta region has not received significant
rainfall since 7,000 BC or 9,000 years ago,
more than double the age of this 4,200 year estimate. In fact,
evidence outlined by Dr. Robert shock,
a doctor from Yale university has concluded that the evidence is so significant
that it would've required at least 20 to 30,000 years of heavy
rainfall in order to cost this type of erosion and hundreds of other
professional geologists who do this for a living have said the same thing,
something particularly interesting about that 30,000 year estimate is the fact
that the are two pieces of evidence from the ancient Egyptians,
that detail lineage of the pharaohs dating back more than 30,000 years,
which has always been dismissed by mainstream archeologists and Egyptologists.
So just to clarify what we're dealing with here,
the scientific evidence proves that the great Sphinx was constructed in
prehistoric times, which leads right up to the Sumer.
Who'll be mentioning later in this video,
I'm not suggesting that the dynastic Egyptians from 4,500 so years ago did not
mess around with ancient Egypt,
that they did not do things to the casing stones of the great pyramid of Giza.
In fact, we already know that somebody had reshaped the SP's head,
but when you look into the details of the internal structure of the great
pyramid of Giza, and I made a video on this and a,
of course include a link that will pop up at the end of this video.
It's not hard to see that this is something far different than a tomb and the
evidence to completely suggest that it wasn't a tomb is so overwhelming besides
the fact that there was never one single mummy found in any of the pyramids of
Giza, which most people don't realize.
The only evidence to even suggest that these were tombs is this sarcophagus
shape box found inside the King's chamber. However,
this box was constructed with tooling that was far less superior than whatever
cut and carved these massive stone blocks inside the King's chamber itself and
throughout the pyramid was seemingly laser cut, precision take, for example,
this shaft inside the King's chamber,
a watertight shaft that was formed from three different pieces of stone.
I mean, talk about doing something as difficult as possible.
What's far more likely is that the same ego driven Pharaoh who reshaped the
Spinks? His head probably came in here thousands of years ago and said, Hey,
I wanna be buried in here.
And when you consider that the passageway inside and out of the King's chamber
cannot fit this sarcophagus, all the evidence indicates.
And as you can see in these photos here,
that this was once something else and they simply reshaped it and broke it in
the process and used these terrible cutting tools in order to shape it. I mean,
just look at the missing floor tiles that were there. And I it's,
I would even argue that maybe there was no tiles or flooring in that spot
altogether.
And that you're simply looking at the debris of whatever was once there,
whatever it was.
And essentially what we're now looking at is a massive misrepresentation of
whatever the original structure was.
And we also have to keep in mind that as we keep finding these acid chambers and
unknown cavities inside the pyramid itself,
we just don't know everything there is to know about it.
But as I've outlined in a different video,
every single theory that has been proposed by Egyptologists and archeologists on
how the ancient Egyptians could have cut and carved stone has been debunked
besides the fact that they haven't even found saws that could have done this,
or even of the size when they've tested these methods anyways,
every single one of them completely failed.
And here's what that thumbnail looks like.
I recommend you watch this video at the end,
as I include various video clips that show that every method just could not have
done it,
which I believe is further evidence to suggest that the pyramid of Giza was
constructed in prehistoric times. We don't know who, how or when,
just like with the greats Finks. I mean,
wouldn't that explain why out of the tens of thousands of hieroglyphs and
petroglyphs located throughout ancient Egypt, not one single one of them,
zero mentions anything whatsoever about the FIS or the pyramids.
Isn't that really odd? So, as I mentioned, this structure,
would've been something far more sophisticated and I will leave that it involves
Ola, Teslas theory and concept for wireless energy.
And it's really hard to imagine charging your cell phone out of a stack of
bricks and blocks,
but let's just move into what we do know the largest structures that are built
by man are dams and facilities for generating electricity.
And when you consider just how close the Nile river used to be in fact,
eight miles closer to the pyramids going right up to the steps, actually,
as you can see evidence here from where the water line used to be when you
combine that with newfound evidence,
although this dates back several years now that there is a massive complex of
tunnels chambers and caves underneath the Giza plateau,
it has been described as being a massive aquifer.
And you can see evidence of these chefs even right on top of the Giza plateau,
these massive chefs that are plummeting more than a hundred feet down,
many of them, and keep in mind this isn't cut out of dirt or sandstone.
This is limestone bedrock, and there are many of them.
And some of them you can even tell, and this is a few photos,
courtesy of Brian Forester that they seem to channel water.
And as you can see in other chambers or shafts,
I should say they connect to horizontal tunnels.
And there's other evidence of this on the plateau as well.
So when you consider the fact that there's a massive cave tunnel and chamber
system underneath the PLA the pyramids that they haven't even excavated,
at least. So they say, I mean, isn't that weird.
And the fact that we don't even know everything that's inside the great pyramid
itself, we have to start asking questions.
And when Ola Tesla adamantly stated that he had created the technology
to harness energy out of the earth crust. And you may remember the Tesla tower,
which was by the way, built above an aquifer yet, for some reason,
JP Morgan decided to remove his funds. And for some reason, I mean,
he stood to make more money doing other things.
Ola Tesla was so adamant that he had mastered this ability,
this knowledge on how to harness energy from the earth that he wrote JP Morgan,
nearly one letter every single month for five years,
insisting that he had mastered this te and he needed the funds in order to
complete it. In fact, a month before Tesla's death,
he was telling people that he had perfected this and had the intellectual
property. And as you can see here,
this is all its left and never came to fruition.
What's interesting is that Nicola Tesla is somebody that's known for outstanding
character and integrity and 80% approximately of the technology that we
use every single day in our lives is a direct result of either his works or
inventions. He's the guy that mastered the technology for the AC current,
which of course powers the virtually the entire electrical grid of the entire
world. He also invented the electric motor.
Most people take for granted on just how many different things they use in their
lives.
And here's just a couple examples every single day that used an electric motor.
Most people don't even know who Tesla was.
He also invented the remote control and even the radio as the Supreme court
overruled the patent that was awarded to Marconey and received it back to Tesla,
following his death,
even various aspects of his inventions and the works that he had done.
Others went on to complete the television, the computer, the laser,
the x-ray robotics can all be credited to Tesla's earliest works in his lifelong
achievements. He also in 1926,
epicly described a cell phone as well as the FaceTime and Skype applications.
And press pause real quick to read this.
So when Tesla was adamant that he had perfected the ability to harness energy
from the earth, should we really doubt him?
So if the great pyramid of Giza was somehow a structure that could harness
energy out of the earth, as I am suggesting,
I think it's the most likely possibility. Maybe it was something else.
It wasn't a tomb.
So we have to ask questions and there are many different theories,
but when you look at the exact location of the great pyramid of Giza,
many people don't realize that it's located at the precise geographical center
of all land mass of planet earth, keyword, land mass,
and many people also are not aware that this was going to be the location.
The pyramids of Giza were going to be the location of the prime Meridian.
And back in the 18 hundreds, when they had to vote on this,
they decided to go with green witch, England because of London's, uh,
Harbor and incredibly busy shipping lanes in and out of the English channel,
which are still the busiest on planet earth.
So in order to reduce confusion with time zones, they chose green witch,
England over the geese of plateau.
Isn't that fascinating that the most largest,
most mysterious and precise structure ever built,
just so happens to be located in this location.
Perhaps this has something to do with the ability to harness energy out of the
ground. We have to ask ourselves, why did whoever built this?
Why did they choose to make it so big and so tall,
why these specific measurements and keep in mind,
we don't even know where that capstone is. And many have theorized.
It could have been gold,
which would of course be great for transmitting electricity,
but also would explain why it's well missing and stolen.
So as we discuss the measurements of the pyramid,
you need to look into the works of Randall Carlson.
I'll include links for his website and YouTube channel.
I highly recommend that you look into his works. It's unbelievable.
He takes all the calculations,
notable calculations of the exact measure of the great pyramid,
and he compares it to the measurements of planet earth.
And what he found is that there's a precise ratio that the great pyramid of Giza
equates to one in 43,200 scale of the
Northern hemisphere. So why does that matter? That's a number what, who cares,
right? It has to be a ratio of something, but that number for, or three, two,
as you see,
just so happens to be shared from other ancient civilizations and cultures
dating back thousands of years,
whether it's the combination of the Sumerian king list or the Kali UGA.
So if the great pyramid of Giza is supposed to represent the Northern
hemisphere,
you may be surprised to know that if you take half the minutes in a day,
that equal was 43,200 seconds. Yet,
if you were to say that, okay, well, if that's half the earth,
what about a full representation, two pyramids, one for the Northern hemisphere,
one for the Southern hemisphere that would equal the shape what's referred to as
an Okta Hedron, which just so happens to equate to 1,440 degrees. Well,
when you look at how many hours there are in an day,
it equates to 1,440 minutes. Let's make a comparison for the sun,
the radius being 430,
2000 miles with the diameter being 864,000 miles.
Look at those numbers, 4, 3, 2, and 8, 6, 4,
and then compare that a full day in time for minutes,
1440 equals 8, 6, 4 for 86,400.
Again, if you look at these zeros, we can easily say,
we're just playing with numbers,
but is it possible that these numbers have some meaning?
Cuz that's not forget that our very system of time and measurement of time
and our calendar is all based off of the size and rotation speed of the earth as
well as our orbit around the sun.
So when I mentioned earlier with the Sumerians,
one of the earliest pieces of documentation, of any kind,
they somehow knew about the solar system and they're also the creators of the
modern calendar and system of time that we use today.
And it's a complete mystery on how they figured this out because you have to
know specific information of the cosmos to figure that out these numbers,
aren't an accident for how many minutes and seconds and hours there are.
But when you just look at that number 4, 3, 2,
and how it connects to other civilizations from across the world,
dating back thousands of years, is it just an accident,
combine that with Ola test stating that define the secrets of the universe,
you must think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration, just think about it.
Atoms that were made up of RA frequency, whether we're talking your wifi,
your TV channel, your radio station,
everything operates on a completely different frequency.
Just think about these things we take for granted, even a microwave.
It heats up your food through waves, a very specific frequency,
even consider radioactive material,
which many consider to be the source of energy and heat inside of planet earth.
The name itself, radio active,
that same material that powers entire cities, nuclear submarines,
and aircraft carriers for decades on end is essentially providing energy.
That is simply in the full of a frequency.
Now consider Ola Tesla's emphasis on numbers.
When you bring back that information to the great pyramid of Giza inside the
King's chamber, that watertight shaft, which was incredible and of itself,
it just so happens to be measured in 8.4 inches by 4.8 8.4 by
4.8 4.8 by 8.4,
consider on just how precise and accurate it is. Is that an accident?
What I'm suggesting here is that these numbers do matter that the gateway to
understanding a frequency of energy giving off from the Earth's crust as Ola was
adamant that he had perfected somewhere lies in ratios and numbers.
And maybe that number 4, 3, 2 is significant.
And going back throughout the internal structure of the great pyramid,
when you look at the grand gallery or another chambers and other pyramids,
the insane sound resonance and acoustic abilities that are just mind boggling,
is that really just an accident?
Is it possible that what we're looking at here is some sort of device that could
harness energy, a frequency that people could tap into for energy,
a source of power. You know,
it's interesting if you go back just a couple hundred years and were to talk
about cell phones and cars and airplanes and whatev wifi,
people would just dismiss it.
What I'm suggesting is that the great pyramid of Giza is over our head.
The most likely situation is that human civilization dates back far older and
was far more advanced than we ever realized.
And they were wiped out a very long time ago. Want this,
explain all the similarities of the ancient civilizations across multiple
continents around the world, such as the use of pyramids,
the incredible similarities of structure and, uh,
stone cutting cultural similarities and gold and funeral masks.
This would explain the massive holes inside the theory of the human migration
process. I mean, why are we finding Aboriginal DNA in south American Mami,
but not north America?
Doesn't that suggest that they just skipped over north America altogether?
How did they get there or the DNA evidence that shows that there is middle
Eastern DNA inside of native Americans? What is that about?
And then we look at other stories popping up this year,
evidence of humans in north America, going back more than 130,000 years ago.
And nobody can explain why the solution is simple.
We're talking about a period of time where humans were once advanced enough to
travel the world.
The evidence has long since gone when you're talking about thousands of years
and I've used this example before, when it comes to the Titanic,
more than 50% gone, I've for just over a hundred years underwater.
And although things ode quicker underwater,
when you look at cars and houses and just how fast they erode did you know that
it's theorized that if every human disappeared off flat earth today,
the longest lasting structure would be the Hoover dam and the estimate that
it'll fall apart in about 10,000 years,
we just seem to take for granted just how long of a period of time thousands and
tens of of years truly is anything that's manmade goes away,
except for things made out of stone like the pyramids or the Finks.
And now that all the evidence shows that whoever was living in Egypt a few
thousand years ago, just could not have done these things.
And the suggestive evidence that there was advanced knowledge of the cosmos as
well as planet earth. When you piece together,
all the things that I've outline this video and you connect the dots,
it's abundantly clear that the true history of ancient human civilization is far
older and was far more advanced than we were taught in school.
And it's time that we start asking new questions because whatever the great
pyramid of Giza was, we need to find out it's clearly important,
whatever it was it's worth knowing about because something happened to ancient
human and civilization to wipe them out.
So maybe we have something to learn from the past. So I'll wrap it up there.
I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight. I can subscribe. Leave me a comment.
Let me know what your thoughts are.
And I have many other videos coming and whole wide variety topics, soon daycare.